Ownership is a very important attribute of the person
you have just made an assignment to.
When assigning tasks in a meeting, or for that matter,
whenever I assign tasks in any situation,
I assign only to one person.
Here is a quote by the world-famous business genius, Mr.
Deming.
"Divide responsibility and nobody and is responsible.
" So if you give an assignment to two people or my gosh,
three, you have a greater chance of it not getting done.
No one knows who is in charge, so I only assign to one person,
but I will still have additional people on the team helping
that person get the job done if need be.
So they're not going to do it all alone.
They're responsible for the delivery.
They may in turn delegate some of their tasks and manage those tasks,
but they own it and they must complete it on time and deliver it.
Alright, sometimes getting to solid commitments can be challenging.
Let's see how you can get to win-win.
A meeting setting is sometimes the best chance to get to win-win.
You're all in a room, you have time to talk and share points of view,
you are face to face,
and you can observe positive and maybe even negative body language.
So here is what I mean by win-win.
That's when you seek mutual benefit with others,
so try and see if there is a way for a mutual benefit for all
participants for decisions and commitments.
All parties feel good about the decision.
After a decision is made,
go around the room and inquire with each person
about that part of the commitment.
Now it's always a feel-good, but you want to try and strive for that.
Lastly, it's not your way or my way, it's a better way.
Deciding and moving forward as a team or group is the best,
so always strive for that.
Now let's move on to stand-ups. A great informal leadership tool.